---
marp: true
theme: default
class:
  - invert
author: Nirand Pisutha-Arnond
paginate: true
footer: "701335: Software for Accountancy (Nirand)"
---

<style>
@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Prompt:ital,wght@0,100;0,300;0,400;0,700;1,100;1,300;1,400;1,700&display=swap');

    :root {
    font-family: Prompt;
    --hl-color: #D57E7E;
}
h1 {
  font-family: Prompt
}
</style>

# Software for Accountancy

---

# ERPNext Business Simulation

> Due Date: **15 January 2026**

---

# Project Overview

- Implement a small business inside ERPNext.
- Configure master data.
- Run key operations including purchasing, selling, inventory, HR, manufacturing (if relevant).
- Verify that all resulting accounting ledgers and financial reports accurately reflect the simulated business activities.

---

# Business scenario

Can be real or fictional.

- Type (trading, light manufacturing, service, or hybrid).
- Main products/services and target customers.
- Basic process flow from purchase to delivery and cash collection.
- Currency, country, tax type (e.g. VAT), scale (monthly volume), and any simple costing assumptions.

---

# Master data setup in ERPNext

- Company and chart of accounts.
- Cost centers and project.
- Items and warehouses.
- Customers and suppliers.
- Employees (if HR module is used).

---

# Accounting Ledger and Reports

- General Ledger Trial Balance, Profit & Loss Statement, Balance Sheet, etc.
- Determine if the reports accurately reflect the business activities.
- Is there potential room for mistakes or fraud?

---

# Deliverables and presentation

- A live ERPNext instance
- In-class presentation (15–20 minutes)

---

# Evaluation Criteria

| Criteria                                            | Weight |
| --------------------------------------------------- | ------ |
| Business Scenario Clarity and Realism               | 20%    |
| Master Data Quality                                 | 20%    |
| Correctness and Completeness of Simulated Processes | 30%    |
| Depth of Accounting Analysis                        | 20%    |
| Presentation Clarity and Teamwork                   | 10%    |
